#127 Undefined array key in facets php8 (#128)
yiisoft/yii2-sphinx: CHANGELOG.md

2.0.15 under development
------------------------

> - Bug #127: Fixed warning "Undefined array key" in yii2-sphinx/src/Query.php:248 at facets collecting when moving to php8.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug #127: Fixed warning "Undefined array key" in Query at facets collecting when moving to PHP 8.1 (kulikov6)
```
